---
layout: post
read_time: true
show_date: true
title: "this is us S0110"
date: 2021-10-11
img: posts/20211010/thisisus.jpeg
tags: [this is us]
category: drama
author: HU YANG
description: "my babe"
---
Previously on this is us, 

you took the sourest lemon life has to offer. And turned into something resembling lemonade

I'm sorry to feel like you attaching yourself to something that's not a calculated act, it's just too much for your empty human shell to handle, and that's our cue to leave. 

Where did they go they left My car is just slown in your bed. hey Kate. You're so pretty. Thank you. Baby. Well, if I'm pretty, you're pretty, as we look alike, 

I've got to get a handle on myself on the weight and on all of it. I need that more than anything right now, and I want it. I want it more than anything right now, even more than me.

You and William have known each other for Randell's entire life, and you keep that from him, you kept that secret for thirty six years. it must have been incredibly lonely. No, not yet. I see you Christmas. Singer. 

Did we overdo it It's like a toy factory under there..Not really sure what kind of message that sends that we have, three kids, and I work really hard. 

Mom, are we going carely? Yes? We will. Kate, stop counting presents. Mommy my tummy hurts I bet it does. I saw that open package of cookies in the kitchen that was supposed to be for Santa's stomach. Not yours. hey ,stop horsing around

Took my money from grandma over there on the table..You don't care. You can cheat, spin, anything, have when you're older, I'll be rich and you won't have anything, and you'll have to live in a bar Enough. Money talk, you guys realize that that Christmas is not just about presents and getting things. Guys know that, hey, why don't you guys tell your mother what Christmas it's about Jesus. Jesus stuff, that's it. We are going to church, probably good idea, yes, we're going my tummy really hurry, that is not getting you out of church. We'll go caroling when we get back. I don't know if she, she's really burning up .mommy, I'm scared, I know, maybe I know, but everything's going to be fine, I promise you, you're going to be asleep. And they take out appendixes every day here. It's like pulling a tooth. but that hurts Yeah, that was a terrible,example, um, Can you stop for a second I have an idea everyone hold hands,i will be right back.

Hey baby,.Branch, do you see this branch This branch has Christmas magic on it, nothing bad. Ever happens on Christmas Eve, say it. nothing bad happened on Christmas. I'm going to hold on to this for you, and when you wake up, all of us are going to be waiting for you.and guess what;It's gonna be Christmas, I love you .Good. mommy,. Yeah, bye, yeah, thanks guys. Sorry. Carrie. Hospital, forty years, I know you have a stash, decent blanket. DR, K-I recognize that voice. why are you ,it has been a while.Nine years. What s. Happening, what's all this about .I was rushing to get to the airport, hit some ice wrap my old La Sabre around a lamp post. How about you You just come for the food. Now, our little Kate Appendix. And on Christmas Eve, well, don't worry about it's routine stuff these days. Thank you. I know. Where is your family stay on there away? Montana, that's where we go. I mean, they're, they're trying, but whether being what it is, they wouldn't get here in time, say goodbye anyway. 

Good bye, I don't. I don't really understand. You seem okay. Well, it's internal. Slow hemorrhage between the heart and long.;Well, I'm sure they'll try, but don't let this flattering hospital lighting fool you. Rebecca, I'm old. And the odds of digging around in me without causing either a massive stroke or a bleed out or close enough to zero to pass for it. In any math I know Of. 

No, come on, they're gonna fix them. IDK jack. Who doctor K. He is the doctor who delivered Kevin and Kate.if won't  for him, we never would have found you. So he's kind of responsible for our family. Tonight We're going to be his. 

Good. It's not just a coincidence. The only reason you delivered our kids. Because our doctors appendix burst, and now Kate's appendix brought us all back here on Christmas eve of all nights. 

You're trying to watch poetry on me. Rather, you wax that mustache. Because if you're musings on the great circle of life are going to be the last things I ever hear, dear God, take me now, you're not going anywhere, okay? You gonna be fine, and Jack, I am very excited that you became a doctor in the year since we talked. You don't have to say that, so so many times to us, some looks things, I was right. Are you scared, scared? Have a great beyond. Well, now I am on quite a bit of morphine here, so that does have to be taken into account. I guess I would say, curious, I remember the first time I walked up on the edge of the Grand Canyon..Has been pretty well talked up. So my expectation might be high, but still. It did not disappoint. Not a bit. Mount Rushmore take a leave.No, I mean it, the great beyond is no more impressive than the oversized mugs of four old white men, hell, I can see that my Wednesday golf group. 

if I want to pray, which one works the best. Well, in the end, and say, they all get the job done, just. So the old man has nearly gone at this point. And I'm there with his wife and their kids are trying, you know, just waiting for the end. The guy says, barely above a whisper, i mean hardly here. Let me go. I want to go. His wife is in tears and leaning over him and she says, yes, go, my love. We'll be okay. You can go. The old man wheezes out, no, I can't. You're standing on my damn catheter. hey sweetheart do you want to come in. ii take it your Randal, my dad said, the other reason they adopted me. So thank you.wow.would you look at that. That is a fine snow ball, I love that. Thanks your Randell, but you know, the only thing I did that day was nudge a man in a direction he already wanted to go. If at some point in your life you find a way to show somebody else the same kindness as your parent’s showed you .that 's all the present i need. Well, I surely like to snow. Yes, sir. You know, I'll bet you that's just what my mom, town cabin looks like right this minute, it lights up? It does. Come show me.wow would you look at that, so it does I be done.Oh, They cant cancel our play on Christmas Eve. Who does that What did you think would happen .our lead actor. Vanished a month ago, off the face. Planet. Rode away from your cabin, so thank you very much, thank you very much. What did I do You got involved there You slept with the Tony nominated star of my play, ruined everything. Yeah, well, you know, I slept with you, too. It didn't ruin anything. Yeah, only ten years of therapy. I came to New York specifically to do this play, and now because of you, I have to go to Hanukah dinner at my parents' house and tell them. And my perfect. That the play isn't happening years of hearing that I'd never be a playwright, and then finally I was, but now I'm not, I'm sorry, okay? Really, I'm sorry, what can I do? come to eat dinner with me. Oh, thanks, yeah, but I have this Christmas Eve tradition thing, I'm not really asking you, you owe me. Why do you want me to come to your family dinner As I told my mom, I'm dating the man. That seems weird. Well, I just made the huge mistake of sleeping with you. And then I was on the phone with my mom, and she was going on and on about how I'd never make a living as a playwriter. And because our only other topic of conversation is my love life. I said, I'm dating the Manny, just to shut her up, and so now I can't show up with no play and no man, you want me to pretend we're dating, which is insane. No, no, it's fine. Actually, we did that storyline twice on the show. Great, that makes you feel a lot better. 

Oh, kevin, anything else. No, miss Sandra, I am all set, but thank you. Everything's been great, tonight right? Crazy? We used to watch the many. Well, when did you ever watch the many He watched the many. We loved it really because I thought you were too busy to watch TV, we watched the Manny Sloan, what do you want me to say I tell you what I am. Happy that you did. Thank you, me too. I am so happy that you had time to watch the Manny but couldn't come see my play that ran for four weekends, right down the street, is that the one with the awful mother, it was, you, mom wasn't me. She gave the Character your name. How do you know you were too busy watching the money to go see can we be excused after the reading. Oh, slow, do the story. Kevin, you are in for a treatment. She tells it beautifully, why is it always her, I can tell beautifully, honey, no offence, but you tell it like it's a hostage video. I'm eloquent.;Someone read the damn story. 

Came my little ones. So. Many, many years ago, there was a Greek king who ruled over all of Israel. And this king said. You have to pray to the Greek gods, or you're going to be in so much trouble. And the Jews were like, yeah, I don't think so. And there was one man named Modest Yahoo, who had five sons and probably some daughters, too, but we may never know, because welcome to history. And one son named Judah Maccaby, who gathered all of these fighters, and he called them the Maccabees because he got to name him. And they went against the king. To get back the temple, even though the Greek soldiers came in on giant elephants and I would have been like an elephant. And then just given up right then, but they didn't. The Jews rode strong until the Greeks left Jerusalem. Yeah. Right. Except for when they went back to the temple to light the manora and clean up, they found that the Greeks destroyed all of the oil, except for one jug. That's only enough to light it for one night, but as God s reward for their loyal fighting. He let that jug last for eight whole nights. 

Why are we not doing that. It's like you and me, though, right? Nobody believes that I'm a real actor, nobody believes that you're a real playwriter.who doesn't believe that you, ma, not true, also, me. See, no one believes we have to faith in each other, I screw these producers, we'll put this play on ourselves, what? What does he mean? Did something go wrong with the Play. I'm sorry, uh, they pulled the plug. We don't have an actress, so we don't have a play. Well, maybe we do have an actress. Oh no, come on. You said that you played the role before, right? Yes, when I was workshop, that's great. Well, you should have seen her in Guys and dolls. It was sixth grade, they're still talking about it. Now then get the tape, I want you to, no, no, Putting on a show, it's a huge amount of work, have money. I had a vendor try to get me to invest in a show, wicked. I said, no way. And here we are, said, here is my point, I don't care, OK, I'll put up my own money, we, I have faith in us, I believe in us. Do you. What are you got to lose? Hello, Okay, yes, you wanna do it? No, this is great. This is what this actually happened, once in the Manny. You got to be careful, because we were engaged by the end of season, too. Sorry. 

This will be the size of your new stomach after gastric bypassors, re, portion control is critical. In the beginning, you can only eat about two ounces at a time, so you'll need to eat.Six small meals throughout the day to get all the nutrients that you need, is that a real egg. I m There's no leeway in there. If you overeat or eat something that your new stomach can't tolerate, you may get violently ill. Shakes, vomiting, sweats, diarrhea, fainting. Are you hearing all of this. I'm trying to, but someone won't stop talking. And because you're not eating much, you have to watch the quality of your food to avoid malnutrition. You'll have to commit to a vitamin A mineral regiment the rest of your life, or risk things like anemia, osteoporosis, diseases you would never think of. And I thought the surgery itself was the only thing I had to be concerned about. It sounds scary, I know. But this surgery is actually a very positive choice for most people. It's just part of my job to make sure everyone knows all the dangers.well,you are Very good at it. Thank you. And because I know we're all anxious to get out of here and start our holiday, I hope you have something very fun, plans. Do we're gonna go to my son s house. Well, good, okay, I just need a few more things for your intake form. Is that your current weight. Yeah, pretty close. Ever take anything for Depression. Prozac, but it made me gain weight. So I what. I didn't know that you are on prozac, you, well, why, because I'm not always jolly, and what about eating habits Do you ever binge . Mom, okay, fine, when you were a kid, maybe, but I don't know why. Yeah. Also last month. Really yes, really. So I hope you have a nice holiday. Thank you. 

We can run in and change and go right to Randells. I already texted him, I don't feel like going..Here's usually Christmas music on one, oh, one point seven. Uh, Down. Did I do this ,I did ,didn't i. With the food. I didn't know if I brought up the food too much, sure I wasn't bringing it up enough, I never knew what to say, kate. Hi. Did I do this to you I don't know. Hello, Hey, hey, I figured out the lights, the breaker that we never upgraded after we installed the trash compactor. all right,one sec.Hey, one thing. Yes. Okay. All right. And what I want, I want one person to tell me that I'm doing the right thing. Do you remember when you got your appendix out. And I remember being so scared, as you were just my little baby girl. What did you say to me? Then? 

That nothing bad ever happens on Christmas eve. And I bet I liked it..Yes. 

I saw a monkey on the street one night. My old habits would take me out there pretty late. But this night there it was, it's on the side street, just sitting there in a pool, a light under a lamp post. Stared at me a bit. Then ran on up between the buildings. But first with this look back at me, like, hmm, You know, I can't even say for sure if it was real, but like him, my new in general, if you're out on the street at 3:30 in the morning, At some point, you realize you made a very wrong turn, so I stopped the drugs. And learn to tame that wildness from the inside, until I could eventually walk in a daylight. That's why when a man knocked on my door one day, I was there to open it. I don't know if it was from God or what, I did not expect, god's grace. But now I had to open myself to the pain of it. To feel the joy of it, and that's a word we use around the holiday times, joy, because holidays are our times. But tonight I'll go back to my son's house. I have Christmas with his beautiful family. And stay up late enough to feel Christmas Eve turn into Christmas day one last time. And you gave me that, and I want to say, I'm grateful. And merry Christmas, thank you.

Hello, I'm Jesse, no, Monkey story, for, you're afraid, I do have one about a horse, but it gets pretty filthy. About a year ago, I was in quite a good place. Thanks to diligence in these meetings, I had a grip on my various habits, and I too had met someone. At a time in my life when I thought that bit of my heart could never be stirred again. But then that love went away, rather, the object of it went away. Love itself was more stubborn. I thought he had died or been killed or was in prison. No idea. He just left. And I had some very dark Nights nights that lasted for days at a time. And and then I found out he was fine. No, he's more than fine. He'd found his own new love, his family. I wanted to be happy for him. I tried to be, but I was very, very bad at it. And so I turned to my old habits. To chase away the questions of how a person could behave, and so inhuman away. Oh, look, there is an animal in my story, after all. So now. To get better, I have to learn a new skill. Forgiveness, and so far, it seems, I'm also very, very bad at that. So I ask for your prayers. Because this group is the one thing I can depend on. Hey Randall, it's me, I'm going to be a little later than I thought, just gotta take care of a little business. See then. The monkey was real. Remember the news, former animal trainer from the movies had a pet monkey got out. Was recaptured. Well, thats some relief, I guess. 

Glad to see you well, am I..Christmas tree or santa not much of an appetite. So it spread, it's everywhere by now, prognosis, poor, and you didn't think I'd want to know, I'm sorry. I came here tonight to tell you, I'm sorry. I knew you'd be here, did you? I didn t. Three months ago, I didn't think it would be anywhere tonight. i Was so broken, I would visit your crazy old neighbor just so I could hold your damn cat. I shouldn't have run off. Why did you I wanted to spare you? Oh, how selfish of you, okay, then spare me. I needed to say a proper goodbye. Was wrong not to give us that. 

So..Are you. Dying tonight, I'll let them know that tomorrow, then sometime after, I suppose, well, then I'll keep it very simple. William Hill, I loved you and you left now, I'd like to spend, but every time you have remaining together. Would you. I'm going to be a little later than I thought, just got to take care of a little business. see you then. is everybody drinking enough. My father won't be at the house either, the Kevin and Kate cancelled, now Williams got some business, what the hell you think he went anyway? I was just talking with some women outside of the bathroom and weren't on the street, is you bought a boat, anything. Oh, you know, I would get me a boat, did you That's not funny. What are you going to do with a boat Sometimes a man just needs a boat. This boat is not a boat. Sadness. when ;You get depressed you buy things. I'm not depressed. Please, okay, your father is dying and your mother is lying,i ; told my mother i understanding and forgiveness are two very different animals. The adult in you is probably all good, but the little boy in you was still hurt, so I got him a boat, you welcome, little boy. hi,go find ; ;Andy Fanning and unbuy the boat. can't, Tyler still given out bonuses All right, let's see if Linda Banks was naughty or nice this year. He makes all of us come here on Christmas Eve just because he doesn't have any family. Neither do we Now they all cancelled, hey, we have two little girls in my sisters house, you know, unless you want to leave them there, no, you know what I want. I wanted to go back to the way it was before. Before I went and stirred everything up. Found William and open the door to everybody's drama, I will go unbuy the boat, OK, I'm going to go find Andy Fathom right now. Just don't complain to me, we want to hop over to Bermuda. I will not go, I will not do that. What hell with it? Ho, ho, everyone is going to be a very green Christmas. 

Andy, hey, randell, what is that?.What do you do just taking a break, man smoking, oh, no, you smoked, yeah, I just, I just picked it up with cigarettes. Yeah, I forgot them. Everything okay. Everything's good. Good, yeah, uh, it's the one to talk to you about the boat, but I'm not really a fan of heights, is it okay If we go inside, let you stay right there, OK? That's no problem. What's going on? Man? You are, you were here last Christmas, yeah, it had to be ,right. You remember Tina, that red dress, from payables? Yeah? Yeah, that was that was the hell of address. Was it just the one time. In most of the year. Okay, so things were bad at home, no, they were good. Catherine was good, always there. So I worked and she, she took care of me. Our family, our lives and. At some point, she just went from a wife to a teammate. And you don't have sex with your teammate, yes, sex with. Team from payments....hey listened to me, andy, you had an affair. You don't get it Well, then help me out. Catherine's done, well, yeah, right now she's pissed . Randall, she filed, she it's broken, I broke it for no reason. My wife, my best friend is gone, my kid gone, my career gone, and I'm dealing with it all by myself. What do you mean your career's gone It's increments. Man, I found myself making crazy trades, taking huge risks. I lost a lot of money, but a lot, a lot. Mine and other peoples, tyler, you will, that's why I had to come here to get the the bonus, because. At least I'll have that, that's why you sold me the boat. Do not back out, they need it. I'm not backing out and. Wasn't until I was in the elevator, I decided to do it here. Is all the floors going up at night. And I thought. Yeah. This will do the job. Hey man, don't talk like that. I wasn't scared. And I thought about the hotel room I got to go back to, and I scared the hell out of me. Decision made Andy stop, stop. Right now, you just upset, do I look upset? I'm clear and clear as a bell, because while I was here, building nothing, catherine, build our life. Our family, our friends. They all went with her, I'm your friend, where do I live and I don't know where you live .then shut up. 

You want my watch It was my dad, god, man ,you made a mistake..And I know what it's like to think that you're not allowed to, but you don't get to just. You don't get it, man, what if you don't live in my world? Okay, your life's perfect, you have no idea. What are you talking about, andy, you don't know. You don't have a monopoly on pain, man. My father left me at a fire station the day I was born, he just took off. But this year, andy, this year, I found him, okay, it took me thirty six years, but I found him, and I forgave. And my mother. She did some things, too, but she's still in my life, and she's facing it just like he did, because there's always a chance that things will get better. Hey your daughter, what's your name Collie. If you love Chloe hard, she will love you back. That's the way kids work. And she will forgive you, andy, but not if she can't like if you make this, the story. Make this the night before Christmas when her daddy spread himself all over Second Avenue to no, right? It is your job as her father to stay here until she is ready, and if you can't do that, it. Chloe will forgive you. I know she will. Hey Randell, you're ready. hey beth,stop. Don't come out, don't stop, please, not now. I'm just talking, andy, no, no, no, no. What the hell is going on? 

Did you..Try to give him back the boat. No. Then why did you come out here, because nothing bad happens on Christmas Eve? The. Let's go get our girls. All right, little mom, jammies on real quick, so Daddy can read the night before Christmas, okay? UK, Yeah, it's beena big night. A nice, quiet Christmas, just the four of us. that's all I want this here. You think we overdid it? Always 

knock, knock, ho, ho, hey, hey, but you couldn't make, uh, yeah, we finished early, so. Nice to meet you. 

And slowly..She's the playwright, she told her mom that we were dating, so I had to do Hanukah, and I thought it would be weird if, when I left, that didn't bring her. Yeah, no, it's not weird at all. Maybe some wine will help that probably. Thank you. Hey, merry Christmas, you made it, too. Yes. Now that is. What is that Is that a Douglas fur we want artificial this year, but a dug fur, that's a classic, I hope it's okay. We still came, of course, Hey, 

Grandma,Merry Christmas. I think Grandpa might have a few gifts for you guys tonight if you're lucky. Merry Christmas come on. This isn't a thing that's not Santa Santa doesn't come until you fall asleep, sure it is santa. Hey, merry Christmas, you must be tests here, and those are for you and your sister. You go. Randal, yeah, hey, he'll be. Okay, oh, hi, toby. Merry Christmas, wow, that is a nice tree doc fur. Are you really here? Oh, I just spent six hours in a middle seat on something called Zoom Airlines, so. I am as surprised as you are, kate, I am here to take the first steps overcoming our insanity. One last time for both of us. Because it's Christmas and because we're good together, I'm back on the diet, not for you, for me but also for you, so that you'll be with me. I can live without pizza and cookies and potato chips and whatever that brownie thing was that they were serving on the plane. The one thing I cannot live without is you. 

Six hours in a middle seat gives a guy plenty of time to prepare an entrance..The. Wise man, wise man, wise man, cousin, maybe I don't know. And then the donkey talks. Might have that confuse with the Cartoon. Actually, you're better with script, yeah, Hey, everybody, merry Christmas. I brought a friend I hope is cool, absolutely, hey, ran it, jesse, nice to meet you, jack, make yourself at home. I'll be right with you. 

In my row on the plane, I was..Part of my body aches like death right now. Do you want to have sex. And I'm cured. You're a witch. How's that quiet Christmas come. Hey, do we never mention Jesse? Ah, not to me. Thanks, I think it's like Roy at school, the one with two dads, what do you mean two dads? Dad, grandpa's gay. or at least bi. 

Um,.Hi. Hey, just giving Toby a tour to the beautiful home must have been a long one he's breathing, the architecture is. Is breathtaking. Oh thank you, shirts button wrong, oh, okay. The. Only to bring you. Only the ; chrismas. There's no name of our son. You don't his grandmother Only one farm. Dasher Princer. Vixen, it brings us peace, it brings us joy, it brings our falls to this. Oh yeah. To bring us peace, to bring us joy, to bring our false duty. Only at chrismas night.

Only every time a brilliant, wise friend taking him to surgery. Now..Only the king of king. It takes the end of time it takes a long ;long time,only one thought of. Lonely Christmas. He brings us peace, he brings us joy, he brings our fall to destory. Only at Chris night.all of the time to bring us peace. 

UL,.Nobody take you. Only to bring you peace only ;Only the king of kings, only one. It takes the end of time, it takes a long. Only one photo. 
