---
layout: post
read_time: true
show_date: true
title: "this is us S0111 "
date: 2021-10-26
img: posts/20211011/thisisus.jpeg
tags: [this is us]
category: drama
author: HU YANG
description: "my babe"
---
Previously on, this is us, I'm not sure you've ever experienced anything real. Your entire life, and that's our cue to leave .our bleed. Actors vanished a month ago off the base of the planet. Everything? Yeah? Well, you know, I slept with you too. bec thinks that we have kids, our lives are going to be over. She's right. Scared of changing it, because the truth is, when I close my eyes and I think about our future.i see us with kids,jack.

william,I loved you and you left. Now I'd like to spend with every time you have remaining together..Would you? Dad, grandpa is gay.or at leat bi. ;Where were you to say. Be very long, jack, it's okay. Go back to your room. Now no. This is your big moment Jacktake guard you. Two of you deserve one another. 

Promise me you'll never be like him. You promise me. Bedroom. Crib can go right here,or maybe can go right there, am I nesting right now They told me I would start nesting. can we even afford this?Yeah, yeah. Is this when we find out we're having a boy or a girl? Wait, what's wrong? Dr. Schneinger, what would you guys say if I told you you were having twins. Say you're lying. I am. You're having triplets.

Young couple, they're having three babies, not just the one They were ready for..Yeah, triplets always headache with triplets. Just whether your patients , not mine. Singer. this is what i ;get for flying across the country to surprise you.  ;Your life.I am cranky and I have a straw Stuck so far at the junk that I could whistle, don't worry, be happy if I sneezed, what can I make you feel better. I need you to lock that door, climb up here. Come on, get up there, come on, I can't you just had a heart attack, no, I had a rhythmia, A rhythmia doesn't even sound. Serious. All right, it's harmless, like, hey, what? Hey, why is that white guy such an awful dancer? Oh, don't mind him, he has a rhythmia. I'm not mounting you in the hospital please. Oh, we at least do that thing. Hey, I apologize, nurse Rash it, she's insatiable, she can't get enough. It's. People is right. Some mom, no, just no, come and help me. Just you need to come down. 

Oh,.Good morning. Morning. Good morning. You remember, sloan says, brilliant genius playwright, also the Jew who crashed Christmas. Thank you guys so much for having me this is there was an over here, there's a side. Sweetheart, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, kevin, this is not a flophouse that you use for your dates. 

Julie noted it won't happen again. OK, when should I know that Also, you're probably thinking that me sleeping with the writer of a play that I'm producing is probably gonna end up blowing up in my face, Right. Fire this morning, but we artist don't have, you know, normal professional relationships. We have what I like to call, wait for it. Partnerships, oh, okay. You see what I did I took partnership without the peep, yup, I followed it for artist and followed William, I'm trying ;Let's get you involved. How s the How s the sequel to beginners going. So Christopher Plumber movie that came out a few years ago, a guy late in life who comes out of the closet. I'd say that because you're gay now. I'm not gay now, I've always love both women and men. And you know, a lot of artists believe such, well, the isn't fixed, as it is fluid. Oh your bio, dad is only half gay, it turns out. Damn some, I was thinking about getting dim some, no, I won't be home, then I am going out with Jesse. I could always reschedule, no, no, no, fine,that's all good, you and Jesse do your thing, no, soup dumplings for you.  how are three kids supposed to grow up in one bedroom..How are we even going to get strollers up and down the stairs if a six floor walk up. We have to get our security deposit back. well I could ask.they were pretty firm about it. ;I could cry, I did. didn't work.hey ,let's not overreact. ;Let's figure it out. She hears that we're living in a two bedroom, six floor walk up with triplets, the condescension and the judgment, oh,She's not that bad, my passive aggressive mother's nothing compared to your abuse of father, I get it, jack, jesus.   i am Upset..And I have three human beings living inside of me. ;OK, I will. I will figure something out. Good. Get in this tub with me than these magazines. why am i throwing at . ;what is wrong with me, best, am I homophobic. You are not homophobia. How do you know. Because you're good and you're open-minded, that's why, plus your favorite coworker is gay. kev is nor gey.it's confusing. And if I'm not homophobic, then why does it make me feel so weird every time William talks about Jesse? Because you thought you were getting to know him, and this, admittedly, is a curve ball, it is, it's a big, gay curve ball. You know, why don't you just try to get to know Jesse, maybe you'll feel better, you know, next time he comes to pick up wii and actually talk to him.it will ;Give you good practice for when Tess and Annie start to bring boyfriends home.i hate that sentence.or girlfriend. ;I prefer that. see,not homophobic now. Now you want to know my sexual preferences?Feeling good to us. In this time. 

You have take off a piece of clothing if you lose the hand and  called Strip poker for a reason. that doesn't seem fair, I didn't make up the rules. Okay? I'll have one piece of clothing to take off, so you'd be fine. Hey, I see your apple sauce and I raise your a pudding, my funny doctors. Okay, doc, it has been real. We've had some good times, we've had some bad times. We've been at that time you stuck a tube about my junk. So how about you say you get me out of this dump. I love this guy. But let's get serious for a minute, OK, toby, after we installed a tent, we ran some tests. The arrhythmia was caused by a minorceptal defect, which means there's a very small hole between two of the hearts chambers. Now some people may choose not to repair the whole and treat it with medication, but I strongly suggest surgery. Let me explain to you exactly what's going on. Although this is a more serious surgery, I've performed it many times, we go in and stabilize you with diabetics, and then we repair this. 

A nice wheel ,appreciate it. everything about selling it .every day, but not today.hey,Pearson?You needed to see me.hey,two minutes.get out of here. ;Come on. Occasion thing. Cabinets are going in after the weekends. It's a pit, everything that can go wrong with this place goes wrong, this hell hole is going to bankrupt me. What do you need? ;Probably bad time Pearson,you called, I came, what's up. Wife and I found out we are having triplets, oh, I'm sorry, no, no, no, it. It's an exciting thing. for who? Look, anyhow, I need a raise. I'm a hard worker. I've done good work for you. I've always always. I've never let you down, and it's just with triplets, OK, I'll bump you to seventeen k a year. i need more, it's 10% raise, you're already my highest paid. Forman, don't push. finish this hellhole thing ;So I can sell it.sorry about the triplets.

Please..Please just stay a little bit longer. Come. no.my time is out, I'll see you sooner than later, block out, end of play. and lights up.well ,anyone gonna ?Ronne, is that bad? I have to say, when Olivia disappeared and Kevin decided to self finance this play opposite the girl who wrote it. I said to myself, run old boy. You've won three Tony awards, and here you are directing a failed sitcom, actors, vanity project. 

But there's more..There's more okay. But now I have to admit. You two are great together. You're honest, you're raw, I think you too can pull this off. Yeah, everybody, take fifteen we will do at one when we come back. Good is raw. It's intense. Not to mention, hello, did you see this ? Sloan,oh Yeah, freaking love that poster. Since when do I have cheakbones. Come on, let's go get a coffee. Come on, come on. Kevin,can you ask you something?Even though every feminist bone in my body will stop talking to me. What are we doing Do we like each other?we just sleep with each other?that 's totally fine Believe me, I don't understand what that means. Listen here's the thing.i like you ,ok?a lot.Sleeping with you, I like the fact that you're, you're funny and you're brilliant, even though you're from Long Island. What's wrong Being from Long Island. I don't know, I've heard other New Yorkers slam that, so I wanted to try to fit in. The point is, I don't know. What we are, okay, that's the truth, I don't know what I think we are, I just know that I like the fact that there's a we for us to talk about. Don't you two look cute together ?I'm back. 

My God,olivia..Hell are you doing here? Well, what the hell did your hair .I made a physical change to match the spiritual one. You said a lot of things to me, kevin, I mean, you told me I was cruel, but worse than cruel in authentic. Thank you. All right, so I went away for a while to try and find some authenticity, and I did it, okay, I found it. I did Ayowoska with a shaman in the salt flats of Utah, I held at the moon with the prairie coyotes of Kansas, I fished with the lobster men of. You did, oh,in a month, but look, I'm back now, and I am better than ever for the play. For you, I want us to be together, okay, I've changed, I'm. I'm ready for something real. Sorry, olivia, but, we're dating Now, life goes on after you disappear.  ; ;Olivia.RonnaOh god, thank god, we were dead without you..How soon can you operate ?well, We can get him in tomorrow morning if you're willing. Look, I can get you into my schedule, but you ve got to commit now. Speed racer over here. It's a, it's okay, doc, I think I'll pass, no, it's not okay. And we need to talk about, we, there's nothing to talk about. He said medication was an option. so,Toby, I'll leave you too alone? Yeah

This is serious, and this could kill you, and so could surgery..Ok,You being a child? Oh, a child. Okay. All right. Hell, okay. All right, where are you going? Um, I don't know, I don't feel like yelling at a man with a heart condition right now, it's an rhythm. It's a condition. And you are an idiot If you don't think about repairing it. so gently and carefully to the man who has a heart condition that can searchically be treated. Car. A mistake to start to family such a bad idea, but we'll figure everything out. It's just. No dressing, no, ann Jovis Sharpenne, your dryest one, and an ashtray. I will have the same. no wine, just coke diet coke. 

Can you not smoke the cigarettes at the table Please ?stop believing every singlevthing you read. It's fine. Can you put it out, please, thank you. Jack does it again. can't even get you pregnant responsibly. stop it!handyman with triplets?Pretty. he is not a handyman, he's a construction forman, and he does very well for himself, not well enough,not enough for this. He cannot support three children. Raise three children in a two bedroom. Walk up. I'm not going to sit here and listen to you, no, I'm not. You don't need to, because you know it already. What are you going to do? idk.It's okay because I do.

Jesse come in, friend me, see William Jesse is here. I'll be down a minute. well he will down in a minute? Yes?Well, come on in, jesse, we can get to know each other alone, okay? Can I offer you a drinker, you know, I've got this great Japanese whiskey that you would definitely not be interested in on account of being an addict, or you'd be too interested, by the way, you can't have it. I resent my offer. I'm fine. Thank you. 

Ooh..God. So um. What did you and william you meet ?tender Wow? Surprised. William you even know anything. We met at our meeting. I can see why my father likes you .the sexiest thing about a man is a sense of humor. Want to be OK,if I had, or some of that Japanese whiskey, would you mind.Oh, well, very nice chatting with you.   

I'll be staying Jesse tonight..Staying over, okay? You got your Chemo Mets, I can bring it down if you like, I'm fine, mantle, everything I need. Probably see you later. All right, Toby, what the decks?I'm gonna do it. do what?the surgery .in an hour I wanted you to be informed, but I didn't want you freak out, so. Okay Is that why you text me in all cabs, get back your ACP? Nine, one, one exclamation point. Crying face, yeah, the original version of that text had like ten more crying faces. I'm a little stressed out. We talk these through because I didn't want to, because I had to do it now, or else I was going to chicken out. And. God, I hate doctor sing, I'll tell you that much name. Toby Damon plays the birth. Home springs, I hate surgery, I hate the word surgery, I hate, I hate surgeons, I hate sturgeon, the fish because it sounds like surgery. Breathe. I just don't want you to freak out, OK, don't worry about me freaking out, well, I do have to worry about it, kate, because the thing is is that I'm kind of in love with you. Is the thing. Are you happy You got a dying man to confess his love for you,you are not dying. What is that? We'll get the ties in, I think I'm a big guy, but jeez, like this way, we're getting ready to take it a prop, OK? 

Okay?.And he told me that he loved me, and I didn't say back. Why don't I say it back ?A great guy finally tells me that he loves me, and I couldn't say back, because I didn't want it to be this big, dramatic bye. What if something happens in when he since surgery. Hey, he's going to be fine, I don't want to talk about anymore. I brought you guys here to distract me. You both are doing a terrible job. sorry.Someone. Cindy from Accounting says that she's gluten free, right? But then yesterday she brings these muffins in that are clearly not.no kevin ,you are up. Um, olivia is back, OK, better .please proceed. Yeah, so Olivia's back and she wants to get back together with me, of course, and she wants to start on the play. But the only thing is almost slow now, you know, and slow, starring in the play. So all this is happening while I'm producing the play, acting in the play, I'm trying to secure all this publicity for the play. And I'm trying to be taken seriously for the first time in my entire adult life. What are you going to do. I don't know. I mean, they're both really great in the play. You know, livia is more famous, but she also might be mentally ill. Like to both sexy, though, you know, I mean, in different kinds of ways, right? So like sloan, and I see, as like. Like hot librarian sexy, right? Whereas Olivia is more like, you know, like intense artists kind of sexy, which is different.She is also British, which makes her hot librarian sexy as well, kind of, by default.?This is two beautiful women wanting to be with you. That's not a problem, you want to know a problem.A problem is, you're dying, biological father suddenly turning gay. Well, that's why is that a problem. We are hot mess. 

Hey,.Really good, good, how are you I'm okay. Thank you. What are you doing stuff. Hey, did you know that if you squint your eyes real hard, look at this bank statement, you could actually see some extra zero. H, how was lunch with your mom? judgmental. Yeah? Oh, She, um. She did have kind of an interesting idea. She suggested that maybe once we have the kids, we move in with them. Cause they have all that space, and you know, we could save money, live with them for a year or two. You. Are you serious? Um, Baby, your mother drives you nuts. Sure, you want her standing over your shoulder every minute with three, baby, I think it could be nice to have family around, you know. Who are you and what have you done with my wife?Jack, I'm serious. She does mean well, And I think it could be. Good for us, so I want to try and keep an open mind about it, okay? Now that I think about it, there is one thing you could do for the babies right now. Gallon have meant chocolate to ice cream. 

Thank you..aha.Touch your head. You look around to quick relay. hey ,babe,i forgot my wallet.Did you. You check the coffee table?Yeah, it was. It was on the dresser, okay, I'm glad you found it. Um, just a gallon of mint chocolate chip please.yeah i am on it. Thank you. i will be right back.The tears. Hey Dad, What the hell do you want? 

i need to borrow some money..I mean, I've given this a lot of thought, obviously, and I um, I'm keeping Sloan in the play because she's worked really hard, you know, and she's good in the place. She's great. She didn't abandon us, you know, I trust her, so I'm keeping her in the play, I understand. what about us. 

Yeah, I'm gonna continue to date slone because she is..She sweet, she's funny. She likes me. And you know, sometimes you just got to do the right thing, okay, you got to do the right thing, even if it's not what you want.Well, surprise final act. best of luck.now i am gonna go and have an increiable sex with a complete stranger and forget I ever met you. 

Tell you what that was intense..I feel you need a drink you want to, you want to go somewhere, have a drink with me somewhere. You know, I'm a. I'm just gonna lay low tonight, big rehearsal, tomorrow, it's the right thing to do. hey toby.They said it went perfectly, and you're gonna be awake soon, so. I love you too. Just an FYI. I've never said that to anyone. I wasn't related to. This is scary. This is all just scary, honestly, And I want to spend the rest of my life with you, toby, I mean, if you, if you'll have me. 

I remember hotter if you were in some kind, like sexy nurses..I don't want to do that away. About an hour, sorry, Did you mean all that stuff? I would totally marry you if that's something you're done. He would, I married the hell out of U Kate pearson. You want, we just like that, just like that. It was just like that for the moment I met your kate, oh, this is just. life tring to get in the way. 
I.You back. I am. Do you think we ve bonded. Since you moved in, I kind of thought we had. Sure, so why is it so easy for you to push me to the side. Me, beth, the girls, ever since Jesse came back into your life. It's like you don't care about spending time with. And I'm not trying to act like some kind of jealous teenager, nor did not you. Your love life. 

And don't give me some damn story about your cat..I can feel it Now, randell. This cancer is coming for me sooner than later. I can feel it. Not just he can handle it. He's seeing this stuff. He's been helping me make arrangements. Taking me to some of the best state funded nursing homes, trying to find a good place to go before this gets really bad, or what are you talking. I will not put this on you, randall, I won't do that to your friends, our family, will you? This is your home. Now, You ve lived in his home. And. If it comes to that, you can die in it, are you not going to be crawling underneath someone else's porch like some dog, I don't want to do this to you, I can take it. The medication isn't working anymore, it just makes me feel sicker.This is not how I wanted to do, you want to stop the Chemo, william.   

Okay?.It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay. We'll stop it. You must be in a real jam to come to me. Why do you need the money. Tight spot is all. K, sure. What is it for women, gambling, something else. Gambling. You know, your mother was bad with money, too. 

About everything..Listen, can you help me out. You were right about me, you've always been right about me. I'm not good. I'm never going to be any good. can you i come to you and i got my hand out.can you build me up? ;We are. Jack, why are we here. This is the money pit that I've been working on. Keep back. Yeah. hey baby.i bough it.. What. How. I scraped together some cash, and I got a loan, and I sold the Cheve. Um, and then can he, he gave this to me for a really, really good price? A how. What about a down payment, though we, we had, we had enough. We're not stressed away. Come look at this, this place, it's got great bones. Look at this kitchen, huh, how great is this You're going to have like a full range, two counters. I mean, we've got, we've got six months until the babies are born. We look like a fireplace. I can get a lot done in six months, you know, at least get the the, the, the downstairs and the bathroom's done, so we could use them. I don't know. Jack. Upstairs, come on back, you need to see the upstairs. You got to check this out. What is that even safe to walk up? Yeah, oh no, no, no, jimmy, lady, this is a really good carpenter, just watch that second step. I got some work to do, I'll fix that window, but I got a beautiful banister, maybe we got three bedrooms. In bedroom bathroom, this could be the nursery. And then. It's all here. 

