---
layout: post
read_time: true
show_date: true
title: "this is us S0112"
date: 2021-10-12
img: posts/20211011/thisisus.jpeg
tags: [this is us]
category: drama
author: HU YANG
description: "my babe"
---
previously on this is us,.

and I'm going to go ahead and spare us both, said active birthday dance this year, I'm sorry, baby, but it's my birthday. And I would really ,really like to see the dance. My water just broke, yup. I'm Dr. Katowski. Dr. Schneider's appendix burst an hour ago, he just went in surgery, we lost the third baby. Sorry, this one's your those two grass someone left a newborn at my fire station. I didn't know. No, quite strange, I'm telling you this is going to work. 

Oh my god,.Green. Ferra and faucet. Yeah, I actually like fair. I like. Right A loving pregnant How much do you love being pregnant? No, Do you like I have to pee. Want to. I hate private. Pig. None of my shoes fit me. Really, um, hey, why don't we get out of the house today and we'll go buy some new one? My stomach literally cannot stretch anymore, jack, there's no more room in there, six weeks away by just six weeks, okay? And they say, the triplets come early, so we're almost there. There are three human beings inside of me, jack, and they're all lining up to go down the water slide. We don't have anything done for them yet. We have cribs and we, we have big three ones. We have cribs. Inside a barely finished house that is littered with moving boxes, I have a million things that I have to do, and I'm going to have to duct tape. Garbage bags to my swollen clown feet To get any of it done. I got it, no, no, no, jack, don't run away from this conversation. I'm not talking. I'm just answering the phone, dear. 

Just kind of wish you happy birthday. Thanks. So he has got plan for the big day..She, uh, she wants to the dark. Actually think she forgot my birthday. Yeah, well, that happens, why don't you come out with me for a few hours Shall I take the kids to Jersey. Give her back some space. It's your last birthday, freedom, yeah, jack, when you're John talking with your girlfriend, can you bring up some toilet paper. ER, me, okay? 

And..Singer. So. Singer. Singer. I hope you didn't forget on Peter and your kids coming over today, don't worry, I took the day off. Go by this store later and get some junk cereal for the little ones, I know, I know bad for their teeth, but it's what they like. I'll be damned if I'll be the first grandfather in human history to deny his grandchildren. I'm the one. Bless my father, for, I have seen has been two weeks since per last confession. Tell me your sins. I liked my wife, she hates when I smoke, so I told her I stopped, well, actually, I did stop having had a cigarette in the week yesterday, bought a pack. As one to hold them, you know you should tell her the truth, yeah, I know. Thing his father, we actually have exactly been in a great place lately. For a while, really, it's kind of blows, sorry, father, Cause, the best moment in my life was the morning I met her. She reminded me, tell her her fall. I got my car to go scream at her, and I saw her face. And I watch it up, torn, stuck up my hand like an idiot, said. I am, joey, don't worry about what just happened. Can I take you for a cup of coffee. 

So that's why I'm really your father..I was wondering if I could be so bold, ask you for a little miracle. Singer. Singer. Oh, And that's the way it is. Tight, I'm so hot, hot, it's hot. I-I don t. Movies today, huh, yeah, go see Double Feature. They got AC, all day, snacks, popcorns, all that stuff. I want to be alone. Where you want, jack, the house isn't done, it's not ready. There are moving boxes everywhere, I trip over them all the time, they're just. There are too many things in this house, and I need you not to be one of them. Get out. Wow, what. Oh, I see, OK, so now I'm the crazy wife who's making your life totally miserable. I'm miserable. I'm just, I'm starting to get stress, vertigo any time me have a conversation about a grocery list, or, you know, any conversation, no matter. But. You are carrying my children. So. I'm going to leave you here afternoon. Thank you, baby, I love you so much. I love you, but do not come back into this house until you ve had a major attitude chain. 

Oh,.Oh, I don't know. Hey God, no, we only talk during playoff season. But if you're listening. I'm concerned that my wife might be possessed by demons. Thanks again for the bathroom sex at froggies. Jack. God. Oh, Monster. Guys, when are you coming out. Much longer. Oh, MHM, Ah, 

I am..Singer. Made them nice to see you out and about. Hello. That stuff will write your teeth, you know, ah, peters, coming over with the kids, so. I can't seem to take it off, nor should you. After I lost Onia, well, it takes time. Look then just old, if you're old, I'm ancient, your ancient, I'm dead. Well, I better get going. 

Nathan..If you need a good meal or just some company down the road, I'd love to make you dinner sometime. I'm always on call is the thing, you know, never know when this thing's going to go off. Plus, you know, babies like to come at dinner time. Of course, I am. You take care of yourself? Yeah, you too. 

Hey, I'm back. Hey..Went to church, saw Father Williams, it's going to put us in his prayers. Well, I should do it. What have I done now? Samantha? You want to ask them to help me with Father Williams. Has them save my marriage. Uh, I see interesting here. Do the station. So what are we doing here again That's your birthday. Am I gift to you Is this showing you the way. Golf, golf. It's not my thing, pal, last I checked, it's not your thing, but. No, no, give her space. There's going to be plenty of time for you to become a martyr, I promise, right now, we need to get you some new clubs. I want to spend the money wrong. Being father means it every once in a while, you get to buy yourself something because your kids get everything else. These guys, I don't, I don't like golf. Nobody likes golf. I don't like golf, but that doesn't matter. You get these new shoes, yeah, match pink pants? 

I can do that..Really. Hi Shelly, it's Rebecca. I am the worst, most terrible wife in the entire world. I totally forgot that it's Shaq's birthday today. And all he was doing was trying to make me feel better, and I kicked him out of the house, I kicked him out of the house. On his birthday, shall he. And I don't have a car that I really want to make him this. See, chocolate, allman came for his birthday. Oh God, and I usually do this like really. Sexy Maryland and Rosetile birthday dance for Heaven. He's going to leave me. He's going to leave me for some some hot not crazy dental hygienist named Stephanie, who doesn't forget his birthday. Yes, you know. This is Rebecca, can I say that, okay, bye. 

Okay?.Who wants to go to the grocery store? Huh? All of you do great. OK, let's go. I don't care. Look at that, you really do. Well, those Jane founded tapes must be working their magic. Seen the new Star Wars film, yet Empire Strikes Back, it's got a real twist for an ending. Life has enough twists. Alley liked ordinary people, the new one with Mary Tyler Moore, oh, my mom liked her. I should check it out, maybe see if a friend wants to join you for a flick. Or anybody out there you might like to take to a movie. Friend. My son is about a soddle as an elephant with gas. Why don't you tell me some more about this Ordinary people. Well, it was really moving to see Mary play such a complicated mother, I, you don't see that often. Tony Carl, this is my best friend Jack, today's birthday, thank you. His wife is pregnant with triplets. Not going to be that bad project. I love you and I'm excited for you. You are superhero, but don't kid yourself, tripless for gonna be. So we're buying them his first set of golf clubs, not buying anything. Skeptical, you're going to love golf, jack round A golf takes at least four hours, five if you suck, which luckily, most of us do. Five blissful hours where your wife won't tell you that you're holding them wrong or feeding them wrong are just being generally wrong. Jack, sorry. Keep thinking about my wife and how I just want to get home tour. Hang out with her, make sure she's okay, which is crazy, because she's at her absolute worst right now, I mean, like exorcist level, bad. But I still don't want to escape her. One of my future vomiting crap, little kids. I just want more time with them. Want to freeze time with them so that I can get a little bit more. Singer. No, thanks for the game I'm going to buy myself. At present, Great, it's not here nice to meet you guys. Have a good game. Well, that guy is gonna make us look bad. 

I need to make..A fancy chocolate allman cake as fast as humanly possible. So I'm gonna need butter, sugar, flour, almonds. Semi sweet chocolate, ma'am. This is a liquor store, I know, I know, but it says that it's liquor and more. So where s the more. You are the only store with a walking distance, really. 

Okay?.What's your name? Teddy? Teddy, here's the deal. I haven't slept well in the last couple of nights, right? I cry when my socks are mismatched, and I was really. Really. Really mean to my husband, really mean to him, and he's pretty much perfect. I've seen what else is out there, so I need to make him something. For his birthday, do you understand me I need to make him something homemade. It doesn't have to be fancy, chocolate, almond cake, it just has to be homemade, something that I make with my own two hands. So he can see how much. I love him because I was really mean. Do you understand I got a banana muffins. Hi. 

I'll take a banana muffin, do you have ice cream, but I twinkies, it is quite on the insides..Uh yeah, yeah, yeah. Work with that, I guess I'll take six, twenty, okay, that'll be a four, twenty five, twenty five. Thank you. Thank you so much. A Kelly. Hey, yeah, I need to stretch. 

Oh,.You, where did you come from? Singer. Singer. I'm going. Someone just left. But at the doors, just like that, like in the movers, we should take him to the precinct, absolutely want to do. What do you think I'm going The system probably. Sure, they got a routine in place for this type of thing, or foster care or adoption, whatever. I'll take more than appreciate. 

I.Singer. Singer. Singer. Singer. Oh, Hello, K, little box. I'm sorry I've been complaining so much lately. HA, Cause I've really enjoyed having you as my side kicks this year. You have really great taste, amusing, by the way, I guess I'm just a little overwhelmed. Not about meeting you guys, can't wait to me. You guys can't wait to me. You guys. I know I'm getting a little ahead of myself, but I can't wait to make Halloween costumes for you, which is weird, because I'm not a big Halloween person. 

I've been acting really..I've been terrible, dear Dad, it was just. Perfect. He's so perfect, oh my god, you guys are going to freak out when you see how awesome your dad is honestly, you're gonna be. Huge fans. I think I'm nervous about you guys meeting me. I don't know how much you can tell from in there, but I am not gonna be the perfect mom. You probably have been dreaming about, you guys dream. I-I think so. I'm impatient. And I'm stubborn and. I still have a Zabba bar from the grocery store in fourth grade, and I'm. Terrified that I'm going to make a hundred wrong decisions and ruin the chances you guys have to lead the perfect lives that you deserve. But. I will protect you fiercely, and I will always sing to you when you can't sleep. Then I will always be excited to hear you laugh. I bet you guys are gonna have wildly different laughs. I love you so much it hurts, and I haven't even met you yet. It's crazy. 

So I guess what I'm trying to say is, um,.You are gonna have to take the good with a bad, when it comes to me, To not, you know all of this, are you still excited to come join me out here, huh? I'll take that as years. Wash of you. Jack. Where did you get that? Yeah, I thought that we needed it, me, Okay, don't worry, it doesn't get sad, just picture, come here, come here. I forgot your birthday. No, it's not okay, because you are the world's greatest husband, and you're going to be the world's greatest dad. I promise you me, the kids were going to make you those cheesy mugs every year for your birthday. Yeah? Got you the world's worst birthday present. And it made you the world's worst birthday cupcake down in the kitchen, but I don't know, I had to do something, oh, oh, that is. That is exactly what I want. No, it's not. Wow, there is a sure dance I look forward to every year, jack, yeah, no, I was actually thinking like. Like a shoulder rub. Babe, none of my laundry is going to fit me, that's okay. 

Okay, yeah, I need a cowboy, so I'll meet you in the bedroom in the five minutes..You know what to do Strip down your birthday suit, okay? Okay? She said. It's my home, peter, I'd appreciate if everyone spoke at full volume. Now what's on your. Dad were officially worried about you while that is officially unnecessary. We missed her too. That she's been gone for over a year. Fourteen months. Listen. You're still a young man, I mean, you're working what sixty hours a week if the house, I wish that would be a vacation. Maybe you could take a vacation, please stop. Mom s gone, dad, I know she's gone. You don't think I know she's gone. I buried her, peter. I was married to her for fifty three years, and I buried her. I don't need you to tell me she's gone. 

And I will never move on. So stop asking me to..She's my wife. She was my life. And I love you too, but if you tell me to move on again, you will not be welcome in our home. As my grandkids, hey, I was ready for some junk, and I write your teeth out. Can. Oh right. 

What I'm a little reading something..What is that He was left at the doorstep of the firehouse. Sandy as fellow Williams for America, he was left at our doorstep. So he was meant for us. We couldn't have kids and grew apart because of it, but now, so that is not our baby. That is just some child. Who was left by a terrible person at your fire station. Sorry, Joe, maybe it's not just going to fix us. Hey, 

The same newborn baby, you need to get it to a hospital, now for you get arrested..Oh, Why. Singer. Okay, ready. Hey, you promise, you like your gift, it's absolutely terrible, sits on, yes, ma'am. Your birthday suit. Only one, I've got. Yeah. e I had to put the laundry on top of my clothes to see that it wasn't a great moment for me. Traditional tradition. 

Uh,.Peter and Alley came over today. He is your son, through and through us, for certain. Stubborn, damn you. He thinks he knows something, cause he's been married for what ten whole years. Hello, that boy, but my God. Carol, I'm going to say something now, and you have to promise now not to be mad at me. 

Every morning I open the UH medicine cabinet and I just stare at all, you, uh,.Maybe I don't know if I can keep doing this. Without you anymore. And I, ah, I'm really not sure that I want. Got on its bit. Well, duty calls. You are. Finish his conversation all the time. 

I love you, baby..You. Never heard doctor s notice come obscenities like that, all of us, dependix will do that for you, give me the run down again. Rebecca Pierson, thirty years old first time mother with triplet, how s mental state She's good come, I met the husband. How could this thing possibly before. Fits for rectal examinations. That one's from the dirty pile. Sorry now, then I'm Dr. Katowski, but you can call me doctor. Dr. K, which is what is most people choose. See the snapshots of my life. You will not be surprised to see your name across the space. See, the mail. And the wild is dressed. I will remember, I will remember. The way you are around. We lost third baby Jack, I'm not very sorry. When I happy with my wife, he will be, but she needs to sleep Now. I lost my wife as journal cancer, five children, eleven grandkids. We lost our first. And whoever and I will remember you, I will remember, remember. The way you are right now, the way you are right. 

So good..We lost my babies. True. True. No, no, no, no, you're lying to me. We have three baby. I like to think that maybe one day you'll be an old man like me. Talking a younger man's ear off, explaining to him how you took the sourest lemon that life has to offer with your. And turned against something resemble them. 

Dancing, someone has a new one on the fire station..May. See your name. And I will remember you. I will remember. You can do that, you will still be taken, three babies home from this hospital. Maybe not the way you plan. Yeah. I felt. I felt. I really felt like we were meant after. 

What if you still are..Hey, Maybe, okay? You come in. What. Awful quickly. And you find an abandoned baby, and your first thought is to bring him home. To try. And. Repair us. With him, they were stupid but also sweet. Yeah, I wish we could just start over. Come back to where we started. My first day. Can you do it all fresh? Yeah, sometimes all the time. It's all I want, honestly, start over. Singer. 

Uh,.I am sorry, tom, worry about the back there. Can I take you for. Yeah. Singer. God, that was a day the latest. Couple of the triplets, he's been asking about. The baby from the fire station might be thinking about adopting. Hmm. I'm out of here. Hello, I am. Told young man about the baby yesterday on, I haven't spoken anybody about that. Really long time, and I uh, I gave him some advice. And it seems he may have actually listened to. It seems he may have taken the worst thing that ever happened to him in his life and tried to. Push on. And we think that the. 

There isn't a minute that goes by that I don't..And I. I hope you know this, I hope this is what you want me to do. Unexpected is. My, randall, let's go. You guys ready? Yeah? Well, it's my father's day, and I picked the movie, so we're going to start. 

What are you saying wrong secret..I like to think that maybe one day you'll be an old man like me. Talking to younger man's ear off explaining to him how you took the sours, lemon life has to offer. And turned it into something resemble eliminate. You can do that, then you will still be taking three babies home from the hospital. Maybe not the way you plan, see, mother, I believe that half of everything I hear is true. Between you and me, I believe in everything. You do. 
